[DOCS] Amends the instructions in the anomaly detection tutorial (#2301)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/get-started/ml-gs-jobs.asciidoc

[[sample-data-jobs]]
= Create sample {anomaly-jobs} in {kib}

> IMPORTANT: The results you can see in the screenshots of this page might be 

Reviewer: Not mandatory, but you can perhaps shorten this paragraph like this:
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The results on this page might be 
```

different than the actual values you get when using the sample data sets. This 
behavior is expected as the data points in the data sets might change over time.

> different versions.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> behavior is expected as the data points in the data sets might change in 

Reviewer: In case changes happen within the same version (e.g. between 8.6.0 and 8.6.1), something like this might be simpler:
```suggestion
behavior is expected as the data points in the data sets might change over time.
```
